index.adoc, before:

= Almighty Developer Documentation

Welcome to Almighty developer documentation site.

Almighty is a project started by Red Hat to create an opensource ALM covering
the lifecycle from ideation, development, production to sunsetting of an application.

We are still getting started, so bear with us.

For now, the site is for documenting our process and to keep track of the work we
have done.

Some links might not be fully public, but we will get them moved over as soon as possible.

== Communication

We are currently on hipchat (almighty room), with plans on moving to a publicly hosted mattermost or similar platform soon(tm)!

Mailing list - we have a public mailing list `mailto:almighty-public@redhat.com[almighty-public@redhat.com]`.  You may subscribe https://www.redhat.com/mailman/listinfo/almighty-public[here].

== Team

[format="csv", options="header"]
|===
Name, Role, Areas, Time, Time Zone
https://github.com/aslakknutsen[Aslak Knutsen], Dev Lead, Backend, 100%, CET
https://github.com/baijum[Baiju Muthukadan], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/DhritiShikhar[Dhriti Shikhar], Dev intern, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/dustymabe[Dusty Mabe], Dev, Containers, 20%, EST
https://github.com/gunjansobhani[Gunjan Sobhani], UX Intern, , TBD%, EST
https://github.com/hectorj2f[Hector Fernandez], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
Josephine Qian, UX, , 50%, EST
https://github.com/joshuawilson[Joshua Wilson], Dev, UI, 100%, EST
https://github.com/kwk[Konrad Kleine], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
https://github.com/ldimaggi[Len DiMaggio], QE, UI/Backend, 50%, EST
https://github.com/maxandersen[Max Rydahl Andersen], Manager/Lead, , 99%, CET
https://github.com/Mgranfie[Monica Granfield], UX Lead, , 100%, EST
https://github.com/mindreeper2420[Adam Jolicoeur], Interaction Designer, , 100%, EST
https://github.com/naina-verma[Naina Verma], QE, ALM/Plan, 50%, IS
https://github.com/nimishamukherjee[Nimisha Mukherjee], Dev, UI, 100%, IST
https://github.com/pradeepto[Pradeepto Bhattacharya], Dev, Deploy, 20%, IST
https://github.com/pranavgore09[Pranav Gore], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/qodfathr[Todd A. Mancini], Product Manager, ,10%, EST
Ranjith Varakan, Scrum Master, , , IST
https://github.com/Ritsyy[Richa Rupela], Dev intern, Backend, 100%, IST
Sarajane Clark (Sj), User Research + UX, , 20%, EST
https://github.com/sanbornsen[Sudipta Sen], Dev, UI, 100%, IST
https://github.com/sbose78[Shoubhik Bose], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/xcoulon[Xavier Coulon], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
|===


(If you feel you are missing from the above list, please make a pull-request to update)

== Resources

[format="csv", options="header"]
|===
Resources, Comment
http://devdoc.almighty.io/, devdoc website (where this gets published)
https://projects.invisionapp.com/share/RD7QIB3QY#/screens[Invision prototypes], Ask Monica about access if you need
https://trello.com/b/sRsGpP8m/alm-track-manage-design-project[UX Trello], Private - should be moved soon
https://trello.com/b/MHDVMYyz/team-alm-plan[Team ALM Trello board], Private - should be moved to Almighty ASAP
|===

Commit message:

Renamed almighty to fabric8-services

index.adoc, after:

= Fabric8 services Developer Documentation

Welcome to Fabric8 services developer documentation site.

Fabric8 services is a project started by Red Hat to create an opensource ALM covering
the lifecycle from ideation, development, production to sunsetting of an application.

We are still getting started, so bear with us.

For now, the site is for documenting our process and to keep track of the work we
have done.

Some links might not be fully public, but we will get them moved over as soon as possible.

== Communication

We are currently on Mattermost (devtools room), with plans on moving to a publicly hosted mattermost or similar platform soon(tm)!

Mailing list - we have a public mailing list `mailto:devtools-saas@redhat.com[devtools-saas@redhat.com]`.  You may subscribe https://www.redhat.com/mailman/listinfo/fabric8-services-public[here].

== Team

[format="csv", options="header"]
|===
Name, Role, Areas, Time, Time Zone
https://github.com/aslakknutsen[Aslak Knutsen], Dev Lead, Backend, 100%, CET
https://github.com/baijum[Baiju Muthukadan], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/DhritiShikhar[Dhriti Shikhar], Dev intern, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/dustymabe[Dusty Mabe], Dev, Containers, 20%, EST
https://github.com/gunjansobhani[Gunjan Sobhani], UX Intern, , TBD%, EST
https://github.com/hectorj2f[Hector Fernandez], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
Josephine Qian, UX, , 50%, EST
https://github.com/joshuawilson[Joshua Wilson], Dev, UI, 100%, EST
https://github.com/kwk[Konrad Kleine], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
https://github.com/ldimaggi[Len DiMaggio], QE, UI/Backend, 50%, EST
https://github.com/maxandersen[Max Rydahl Andersen], Manager/Lead, , 99%, CET
https://github.com/Mgranfie[Monica Granfield], UX Lead, , 100%, EST
https://github.com/mindreeper2420[Adam Jolicoeur], Interaction Designer, , 100%, EST
https://github.com/naina-verma[Naina Verma], QE, ALM/Plan, 50%, IS
https://github.com/nimishamukherjee[Nimisha Mukherjee], Dev, UI, 100%, IST
https://github.com/pradeepto[Pradeepto Bhattacharya], Dev, Deploy, 20%, IST
https://github.com/pranavgore09[Pranav Gore], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/qodfathr[Todd A. Mancini], Product Manager, ,10%, EST
Ranjith Varakan, Scrum Master, , , IST
https://github.com/Ritsyy[Richa Rupela], Dev intern, Backend, 100%, IST
Sarajane Clark (Sj), User Research + UX, , 20%, EST
https://github.com/sanbornsen[Sudipta Sen], Dev, UI, 100%, IST
https://github.com/sbose78[Shoubhik Bose], Dev, Backend, 100%, IST
https://github.com/xcoulon[Xavier Coulon], Dev, Backend, 100%, CET
|===


(If you feel you are missing from the above list, please make a pull-request to update)

== Resources

[format="csv", options="header"]
|===
Resources, Comment
http://devdoc.fabric8-services.io/, devdoc website (where this gets published)
https://projects.invisionapp.com/share/RD7QIB3QY#/screens[Invision prototypes], Ask Monica about access if you need
https://trello.com/b/sRsGpP8m/alm-track-manage-design-project[UX Trello], Private - should be moved soon
https://trello.com/b/MHDVMYyz/team-alm-plan[Team ALM Trello board], Private - should be moved to Fabric8 services ASAP
|===
