readme.adoc, before:

= almighty-devdoc

Development documentation site for almighty.

Pushes to this site is automatically published to http://devdoc.almighty.io

== Requirements

Install Docker.

== How to run it

First we need to build the docker container for building the site. This takes a bit of time the first time,
but afterwards it is fast.

```
$ cd almighty-devdoc
$ docker build -t almighty-devdoc-builder .
```

Then run the docker container to have it automatically generate and serve the site by running:

```
$ sh serve.sh
```

or if you prefer running the full line:
```
$ docker run -it --rm -p 4000:4000 -p 35729:35729 -v `pwd`:/almighty-devdoc almighty-devdoc-builder
```

This will automatically run jekyll with livereload enabled.

Goto http://localhost:4000 to see the generated ccontent and if you have livereload plugin installed
the browser will automatically reload.

If you want finer control you can run bash directly:

```
$ docker run -it --rm -p 4000:4000 -p 35729:35729 -v `pwd`:/almighty-devdoc almighty-devdoc-builder /bin/bash
```

And from within here run `rake` or any other command.

Commit message:

Renamed almighty to fabric8-services

readme.adoc, after:

= fabric8-devdoc

Development documentation site for fabric8-wit.

Pushes to this site is automatically published to http://devdoc.fabric8-wit.io

== Requirements

Install Docker.

== How to run it

First we need to build the docker container for building the site. This takes a bit of time the first time,
but afterwards it is fast.

```
$ cd fabric8-devdoc
$ docker build -t fabric8-devdoc-builder .
```

Then run the docker container to have it automatically generate and serve the site by running:

```
$ sh serve.sh
```

or if you prefer running the full line:
```
$ docker run -it --rm -p 4000:4000 -p 35729:35729 -v `pwd`:/fabric8-devdoc fabric8-devdoc-builder
```

This will automatically run jekyll with livereload enabled.

Goto http://localhost:4000 to see the generated ccontent and if you have livereload plugin installed
the browser will automatically reload.

If you want finer control you can run bash directly:

```
$ docker run -it --rm -p 4000:4000 -p 35729:35729 -v `pwd`:/fabric8-devdoc fabric8-devdoc-builder /bin/bash
```

And from within here run `rake` or any other command.
