ux/walkthroughs/posting-completed-designs.adoc, before:

= Design Posting Process

image::invision-link.png[]

 When posting your work, use the URL from InVision’s Share feature and not the URL from the browser.

*NOTE:* This URL will not change when you update the content of the prototype. It *will* change when you change the attributes on the prototype, such as allowing commenting.

== Post design artifacts* and links

_*(artifacts include materials related to the design, discovery, workflows, wireframes, prototypes, visuals…)_

. Post *InVision links* in the UXD JIRA stories
. Post JIRA link in GIT story in almighty-ux
- Once your story is pulled into an AppDev sprint, create an issue that includes a link to the JIRA story on https://github.com/almighty/almighty-ux/issues[https://github.com/almighty/almighty-ux/issues].
. Post artifact links in GIT devdocs
  .. Based on the type of artifact you want to link to, determine which ASCII doc** should be updated.

+
     - Wireframes: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/design/wireframes/wireframes.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/design/wireframes/wireframes.adoc]
+
     - Workflows: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/design/workflows/workflows.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/design/workflows/workflows.adoc]
+
     - Visuals: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/design/visuals/visuals.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/design/visuals/visuals.adoc]
+
- Discovery: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/discovery/discovery-overview.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/discovery/discovery-overview.adoc]
+
- Strategy: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/strategy/strategy-overview.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/strategy/strategy-overview.adoc]
+
- Usability: link:almighty-devdoc/ux/usability-testing/usability-overview.adoc[almighty-devdoc/ux/usability-testing/usability-overview.adoc]

  .. Update the document to include a link to the artifact and a brief description of what it contains.

 ASCII docs can be edited using most code editors. We recommend Atom or VSCode.

== Communicate that designs are ready to review

Once a design artifact (whether new or updated) has been posted to InVision, let the team know that it is ready for review.

. Post to HipChat
* On the Almighty UI/UX channel using @all, the *InVision link*, and a brief message.
* On the Almighty channel using @here, the *InVision link*, and a brief message.
. Post to email lists
* Internal: Post here any sensitive materials to share with the internal group and/or when a design is in progress and you are working with development on specific solution issues:  mailto:devtools-almighty@redhat.com[devtools-almighty@redhat.com]
* External: Post here when you have vetted the design through UXD and are ready for broader/public/community feedback: mailto:almighty-public@redhat.com[almighty-public@redhat.com]

== Communicate that designs are ready for dev

Once the design is complete and it has been reviewed and agreed upon by development and stakeholders, notify development that it’s ready.

. On the pertinent issue in GIT, add the "Ready for Dev" label.
. On that same issue, add a comment mentioning @joshuawilson and the developer on the feature.

Commit message:

Renamed almighty to fabric8-services

ux/walkthroughs/posting-completed-designs.adoc, after:

= Design Posting Process

image::invision-link.png[]

 When posting your work, use the URL from InVision’s Share feature and not the URL from the browser.

*NOTE:* This URL will not change when you update the content of the prototype. It *will* change when you change the attributes on the prototype, such as allowing commenting.

== Post design artifacts* and links

_*(artifacts include materials related to the design, discovery, workflows, wireframes, prototypes, visuals…)_

. Post *InVision links* in the UXD JIRA stories
. Post JIRA link in GIT story in fabric8-ux
- Once your story is pulled into an AppDev sprint, create an issue that includes a link to the JIRA story on https://github.com/fabric8-services/fabric8-ux/issues[https://github.com/fabric8-services/fabric8-ux/issues].
. Post artifact links in GIT devdocs
  .. Based on the type of artifact you want to link to, determine which ASCII doc** should be updated.

+
     - Wireframes: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/wireframes/wireframes.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/wireframes/wireframes.adoc]
+
     - Workflows: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/workflows/workflows.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/workflows/workflows.adoc]
+
     - Visuals: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/visuals/visuals.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/design/visuals/visuals.adoc]
+
- Discovery: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/discovery/discovery-overview.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/discovery/discovery-overview.adoc]
+
- Strategy: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/strategy/strategy-overview.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/strategy/strategy-overview.adoc]
+
- Usability: link:fabric8-devdoc/ux/usability-testing/usability-overview.adoc[fabric8-devdoc/ux/usability-testing/usability-overview.adoc]

  .. Update the document to include a link to the artifact and a brief description of what it contains.

 ASCII docs can be edited using most code editors. We recommend Atom or VSCode.

== Communicate that designs are ready to review

Once a design artifact (whether new or updated) has been posted to InVision, let the team know that it is ready for review.

. Post to HipChat
* On the Fabric8 services UI/UX channel using @all, the *InVision link*, and a brief message.
* On the Fabric8 services channel using @here, the *InVision link*, and a brief message.
. Post to email lists
* Internal: Post here any sensitive materials to share with the internal group and/or when a design is in progress and you are working with development on specific solution issues:  mailto:devtools-saas@redhat.com[devtools-saas@redhat.com]
* External: Post here when you have vetted the design through UXD and are ready for broader/public/community feedback: mailto:devtools-saas@redhat.com[devtools-saas@redhat.com]

== Communicate that designs are ready for dev

Once the design is complete and it has been reviewed and agreed upon by development and stakeholders, notify development that it’s ready.

. On the pertinent issue in GIT, add the "Ready for Dev" label.
. On that same issue, add a comment mentioning @joshuawilson and the developer on the feature.
